Update handbook (#4)
pixielabs/handbook: 03-project-delivery/02-general-dos-donts.md

  formats for them.
- Do set `config.time_zone` in new Rails applications to the right time zone
  for the client (e.g. 'Europe/London').
- Do make sure there is a centralised logging in place for every new project. As a team we prefer [Papertrail](https://www.papertrail.com/).

> - Do make sure there is an exeption handling set up for every new project. As a team we prefer [Rollbar](https://rollbar.com/) and [Bugsnag](https://www.bugsnag.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do make sure there is an exeption handling set up for every new project. As a team we prefer [Rollbar](https://rollbar.com/) but we like to use [Bugsnag](https://www.bugsnag.com/) for projects focused around a React Native mobile application.
```
